Ews extension ps1 bug (#27153)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftExchangeOnline/ReleaseNotes/1_2_7.md

#### Integrations

##### EWS Extension Online Powershell v3

> - Fixed an issue where the ***ews-message-trace-get*** command failure when run it without the *sender_address* and *recipient_address* arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***ews-message-trace-get*** command would fail when ran it without the *sender_address* and *recipient_address* arguments.
```
